Let's use this page to list sites that use MapServer, until a formal gallery is developed.  Please use the following format:

----   
                                                                           
 * site: [http://geomapfish.org GeoMapFish]
 * description: Several example for MapServer based for WebGIS application
 * specs: MapServer 7.0, OpenLayers 2.6 with CGXP or OpenLayers 3.x with nGeo (AngularJs)
 * contact: Yves Jacolin  
                   
----

 * site: [http://www.dnr.state.mn.us/maps/compass.html MN DNR Recreation Compass]       
 * description: Application designed to allow users to better understand the relationships between various recreation opportunities in Minnesota, and to access detailed information about those opportunities
 * specs: MapServer (6.4.x), MapCache, OpenLayers, Perl/MapScript
 * contact: Steve Lime  
                                                                
----              

 * site: [http://mobile.dnr.state.mn.us/compass MN DNR Recreation Compass (mobile)]       
 * description: Application designed to allow users to better understand the relationships between various recreation opportunities in Minnesota, and to access detailed information about those opportunities
 * specs: MapServer (6.4.x), MapCache, Leaflet, Perl/MapScript, Backbone.js, Underscore.js
 * contact: Steve Lime  
                                                                
----              
                                                             
 * site: [http://www.mapsgeek.com MapsGeek]                                            
 * description: Online thematic mapping website.                                
 * specs: MapServer 5.4.2, a lot of home code                                          
 * contact: Alexandre Lagache    
                                                                             
---- 
                                                                                
 * site: [http://www.biketrip.org biketrip.org]
 * description: A wiki dedicated to traveling on a bicycle. Features MapScript generated maps and topological info. See [http://www.biketrip.org/wiki/biketrip.org:Mapserver] for details.
 * specs: MapServer 5.4.2, home code
 * contact: Alexandre Lagache 
                                                                                
----       
                                                      
 * site: [http://geuskort.geus.dk/GeusMap/index_samba.jsp]                              
 * description: Coverage map of the Danish national database for the exploration of oil and gas. Data maintained and hosted by [http://www.geus.dk].
 * specs: Oracle 10g + MapServer 5.6 (thanks to [http://vbkto.dyndns.org:1280/sdk]) wrapped in JSP and home-made javascript frontend
 * contact: Bjarni Pjetursson [mailto:bpj-at-geus.dk]  
                                                                         
----    
                                                                               
 * site: [http://www.itacasoft.com]                                                     
 * description: Commercialization and development of web GIS solutions using !MapScript.
 * specs: Silverlight + !MapScript 6.0 + Delphi wrapper to !MapScript.
 * contact: Fabrizio Vita

----

 * site: [http://www.sailwx.info/shiptrack/shiplocations.phtml]
 * description: Tracking of ships, hurricane, and weather reports
 * specs: PHP !MapScript and MySQL
 * contact: Hal Muelle

----    
 
 * site: [http://geo.weather.gc.ca/geomet-beta?service=WMS&version=1.3.0&request=GetCapabilities]
 * description: Meteorological Service of Canada Geospatial Web Services (beta)
 * specs: MapServer 6.4.2, MapScript, custom code
 * contact: ec.dps-client.ec@canada.ca
