* **Time**: 13th of October 2016 at [15.00 UTC](http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?year=2016&month=10&day=13&hour=15&min=0&sec=0%2016.00UTC)
* **Location**: #mapserver channel on irc.freenode.net (connect directly in your browser via [webchat](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=mapserver))
* **Agenda**
  * PSC member status (see [list](http://mapserver.org/psc.html))
  * Agree on meeting frequency (once a month?)
  * Release plans 
    * discuss schedule
    * edit [7.2 ReleasePlan](MapServer-7.2-Release-Plan)
  * Discuss Project Funding (sponsor plan? similar to QGIS grants?)
  * Other Items for possible discussion
    * PHP MapScript 7 plans
    * Mac OS/X installer update
    * Documentation maintenance
    * MS4W maintenance
    * 2017 Code Sprint
  * Set next meeting date

* **Log**: http://irclogs.geoapt.com/mapserver/%23mapserver.2016-10-13.log

* **Summary**
  * Attending:
    * Tom Kralidis
    * Jukka Rahkonen
    * Jeff McKenna
    * Mike Smith
    * Thomas Bonfort
    * Daniel Morissette
    * Stephan Meissl
    * Steven Woodbridge
    * Tanya Haddad
    * Assefa Yewondwossen
    * Steve Lime
    * Olivier Courtin
    * Even Rouault
  * Sends regrets: Perry Nacionales
  * Discussion
    * Considered a change in the Chair of the PSC, but all in favor of Steve Lime's continued leadership
    * Agreement on meeting frequency of once a month, noting that all PSC members cannot attend each meeting
    * Discussion of developing a release plan that the project will follow
    * Discussion of possible items to include in next major release, such as
      * jpeg-png output (in master)
      * vector tiles (unfinished)
      * PHP 7 mapscript support (needs effort)
      * Python3 support (needs cleanup & testing)
    * Discussion on needing funding for development (unresolved)
    * Discussion on the 2017 code sprint possible locations (Daytona Beach, Victoria)
    * Discussion on promoting MapServer implementations (possibly through case studies, to randomly share on the main site)
    * Agreement on next meeting date: 2016-11-17 http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?year=2016&month=11&day=17&hour=15&min=0&sec=0%2016.00UTC

* **Action Items**
  * DanielM, StephanM, JeffM: discuss code sprint with Steve Lehr
  * JeffM: draft and propose 7.2 release plan https://github.com/mapserver/mapserver/wiki/MapServer-7.2-Release-Plan
  * TomK, TanyaH, JeffM: draft a case study template on the wiki


